new tls page for users (#365)
GoInterject/GoInterject.github.io: wAbout/TLSUsers.md

---
title: TLS Changes
filename: "TLSUsers.md"
layout: custom
keywords: []
headings: ["Overview"]
links: []
image_dir: ""
images: [
    {file: "", type: "png", site: "Addin", cat: "", sub: "", report: "", ribbon: "", config: ""}
]
description: 
---
* * *

## Overview

> Microsoft [announced](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/announcements/tls-support-ending-10-31-2024){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener noreferrer"} that all TLS communications must use version 1.2 starting October 31, 2024. After that date, any communication using TLS 1.0 or 1.1 will not work.

Reviewer: rephrase to:

```suggestion
Microsoft [announced](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/announcements/tls-support-ending-10-31-2024){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener noreferrer"} that their Azure Cloud will drop support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 on October 31, 2024 to improve their security posture. After that date, applications interacting with azure cloud services using TLS 1.0 and 1.1 will stop working.
```

> 

Reviewer: We should add in a section at the top:

```suggestion
### Who This Impacts:
- Interject users on all version before 2.5.2.12
```

> This means users on versions of Interject that use TLS 1.1 will need to either:
> 
> - [Update Interject](https://portal.gointerject.com/download-interject.html)
> 
> - [Update TLS](/wAbout/TLS.html#set-tls-settings-via-idssettings-file) to TLS 1.2.
> 

Reviewer: change this section to

```suggestion
### How to Solve Issue
There are 2 primary solutions for Interject users. Most users should attempt to update to the latest version. Users with specific needs should consider the manual override option.

- [Update Interject to 2.5.2.12 or above](https://portal.gointerject.com/download-interject.html)
- [Manually override TLS in settings files](/wAbout/TLS.html#set-tls-settings-via-idssettings-file)

```

### Update Interject From Version 2.5+

When updating Interject from a 2.5 version and above, you simply have to click the **Check for Updates** button on the Interject ribbon. Then click **Get Update**:

![](/images/TLSUser/GetUpdate.png)
<br>

For detailed instructions about updating Interject, see [here](/wAbout/Updating-INTERJECT.html).

### Update Interject From Version 2.3.34

If you have Interject version 2.3.34, you will have to uninstall this version first.

1. [Uninstall](/wAbout/Uninstalling.html) Interject

2. [Download](/wPortal/DownloadInterject.html) Interject from the portal site

3. [Install](/wAbout/SharedComputer.html) Interject

> 

Reviewer: lets put these sections under a heading "# Update to the latest version"

> ### Updating TLS 1.2

Reviewer: we can rename this to a header "# Manually Overriding TLS Settings"

Author: ok, thought I had that changed
